stop jerking around shrimp as the first
orders come into the kitchen okay
Kingston cafes complimentary salads and
get sent out to the diners like so fast
cost comes with every meal [ __ ] is that
a martini Daniel yes in a martini glass
is there a doctor in the house how many
glasses this trees in the corner there
that they take oh my god
you are kidding me Jesus Christ who do
all this oh my good god
I'm garden if you continue like that
Jesus Christ actually gonna appear I
hope so because I think that's what's
needed right now dressing a salad take
seconds tell me what's wrong with that
they get soggy and if I can't see turn
around and tell the owner its soggy
annex yes
that doesn't mean that it's really bad
because he has never seen something like
this before
I want you dressing the salad in the
bowl okay even though he was just
planning on observing Chef Ramsay can't
control himself and Institute's his
first change fresh out of the dress to
order and in a bowl well done thanks but
dr. Morris make sure it is law is still
the woman in charge can you get a bigger
piece of micromanaging whenever and
wherever possible okay to old people
right here and they're not Jamaican
they're not gonna like it
dr. Morris doesn't really like to hear a
lot of complaints about the food she
does what she knows or wants to do
what is that there
chicken rice Daniel yes
when was that you know yeah that was
coach yesterday Jesus Christ doctor yes
I can't believe we're doing this
that was cooked last night looks like a
job tom
makes me feel validated I guess that the
points that I've been making for months
are the points that he's making now Jeff
a dog at home don't feed them that
[Music]
you're on you just come over here
okay now tyranny is really getting me
very upset
suppose a punch him out because let me
finish
he's right okay finish Jionni all he did
keone please be quiet first of all he
want us to cook everything fresh why
can't you do that you just can't
Jamaican food cannot be cooked fresh
every day
do you understand that mom we'll finish
this later
[Music]
what is that there oh my god you are
kidding me bags everywhere christ
almighty
oh please
what's not in the microwave right before
they melt
when I first worked here I was like oh
no really
bags come on
what's the addiction to back it's a
medical thing like donating blood in
bags are everything you guys like in
back where do you want to put it there
if you now going to tell me that rice
tastes better in a bag inside the
steamer madam I'm really sorry but
you've lost the plot I don't like when
you disrespect me so if you can tell me
where you think I've disrespected you
you told me that I was crazy upstairs
I'll tell you why the practices and how
you're running a restaurant is packed
with stupidity I didn't say that you are
demented it's a lie that's all if I say
that to you how does you feel I'm not a
delicate dainty flowers gonna take
everything you say personally but let me
tell you something the practices are
ludicrous can I just show you something
no answer just just feel that it's
frozen no no don't tell me
okay another show now I've gotta lose my
sentence frozen solid
disgusting overcooked chicken you're
resisting it that's fine I'm trying to
say it should not be close-knit they did
yesterday understand okay but I've just
told you it is right now you're running
a hospital kitchen full of bags [ __ ]
that I'm out of there
he may say I'm crazy but certain things
he says about you making food I disagree
with him I'm not crazy I think the
doctor needs a doctor
please be quiet
you